update policy agent v2.2.0 docs (#3174)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/workspaces/view-workspaces.mdx

---
title: Workspaces View
sidebar_position: 2
hide_title: true
---

import TierLabel from "./../_components/TierLabel";

<h1>
  {frontMatter.title} <TierLabel tiers="Enterprise" />
</h1>

## Workspaces List View

> From the side menu. You can click on the **Workspaces** tab to go to the workspaces list view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the side menu, you can click on the **Workspaces** tab to go to the workspaces list view.
```

> In this view all the workspaces accross all clusters will be listed there. You can filter workspaces by its cluster or by its name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This view lists workspaces across all clusters. You can filter workspaces by their clusters or their names.
```
